Q) Why this algorithm is actually used?
ANS) This algorithm is used for problems like binary classification, multiclass classification.

Q) When it is classifying the data then why the name regression?
ANS) I know linear regression is expressed in the form of 
                                                         y=mx+c
                                                         where, m=slope
                                                                x=datapoint
                                                                c=intercept
Now taking a dataset(obesies or not ) of binary classification, applying linear regression and i can give a threshold of 0.5(as it has classification of 1 and 0) and i can write
a condition where value >=0.5 should be treated as 1 and value less than 0.5 should be treated as 0.
As now i have a best fit line ,with the help of this best fit line i can say whetehr the person is obeyes or not.

Q) So where the logistic regression comes in picture??
ANS) Now considering the above dataset, i have a datapoint which is outlier(which is important we cannot neglect it), so my best fit line will also change(trying to reduce the 
error distance) (y).
Now, here the classification is misclassified.(like for example for a person weighing 75 should be considered as obeyes but the classsification done is nt obeyes which is not 
right).(high error rate),that's why one should not use linear regression for this kind of problem, go for logistic regression.

So we divide the line like 3 lines (the higher, the lower and the sigmoid curve(3 line)).



Maths behind logistic regression.

When considering the points in a plane , where we need a line which separate the particular points.
When we can have a line with the help of y=mx+c

Some assumption to make;
                        all positive points to +1, and all negative points to -1(why not zero why -1)
                        reason is: The line(intercept is passing through origin)(consideration) is passing through origin so i can say c=0),now calculating the distance of the data
                        point to the line ,the datapoint above the line are called positive value and below the line are negative values.
