K-MEANS CLUSTERING : 
                     It is an unsupervised technique.(no perfect output)
                     K simply means centroid(center of the circle)
                     The K-means clustering is an algorithm which is used to cluster n objects based on attributes(features) into k partitions,   where k<n .  
                     or simply speaking k-means clustering is an algorithm to classify or to group based on the attributes/features into k number of groups.
                     K is positive integer number.
                     The grouping is done by minimizing the sum of squares of distances between data and the corresponding cluster centroid.
                     


For example : 
              k=3,and tested the model and i found that they are polluting the datapoints present in the clusters and i felt like increasing the value of k,i can increase the value of k.
              This is done by TRAIL and ERROR study.
              
              
  The steps involved are : 
                          1)how the algorithm works
                          2)which metrics(euclidean or the manhatten distance)
                          3)elbow method(selecting the right k value)
              
              
steps in how the algo works :                      
                            1) select the k valaue(centroid), suppose i have k=2
                            2) Initialize two centroid randomly in the plane.
                            3) To find the distance of the points from the centroid(k), to find the distance draw two straight lines((+) it looks like this)(the point above the  
                               line will be in one cluster and the rest of the points to other cluster.Now, select the group and find the mean value(average),now move the centroid
                               to the mean point, one will have new centroid points and now again repeat the second step again.After some iteration one will have perfect clusters.
                               
Steps in metrics :
                 1)here i have used euclidean distance , suppose in a plane(xy) there are two points P1 and P2 with co-ordinate as for P1(x1,y1) for P2(x2,y2).
                 It says 
                          d=sqrt((x2-x1)^2+(y2-y1)^2). 
                          
                         
Steps in selecting the kvalue :     
                               Elbow method
                               It says a loop will be run fro 1 to 20
                               now suppose k=1
                               run whole process finf the distance Wcss=Within cluster sum of square
                                                                Wcss=Summation of i=1 to n(distance of centroid(Ci) + distance of points(Xi))whole square.
                          
                          
                          
                          
