Q) What is PDF?(probability density function)
ANS) It says how well is the dataset distribution using the histogram. The distribution is in the range of 0 to 100% or in the xyplane it is betweeen 0 to 1.
     It comes into picture when the data is continuous.
     
                                           formula is : integration( - infinity to + infinity) of f(x)dx=1.
                                           It means distribution is equal to 1.
   EXAMPLE                                    
Q) what is the probabilty that random variable is between 1 and 2?
ANS) so we select area of 1 and 2 or we have to take area under the curve from 1 to 2, now for the equation i have instead of (-) infinity we have 1 and so as 2 for (+)
     infinity.
     
     
      Suppose let's take an example.
      we have features like              height         weight         o/p
                                           150            50            slim
                                           160            60            slim
                                           180            90            obese
                                            "              "             "    
    
    The histogram plotting will be like this : it will give you the count of the number on the x axis.
                                                 In the x axis one will have weight and the y axis will have count.
                                                 
                                                 To convert it into probability density function or smoothing the histogram.After smoothing it should look like bell curve.
                                                 
                                                 As soon as pdf is applied one sees y axis is changed to % of distribution of the weights.
                                                 THIS IS CALLED PDF.
                                                 
                                                 
 Q) What is CDF?(cumulative distribution function)
 ANS) It is little bit different when compared to pdf.
       Cumulative means increasing by one addition after the another,and including all the amounts that have been added before. 
       
       Let's take an example:
       Taking the above example in xy plane.
       Now for 50 datapoint i get 0.1 in y axis and now for 60 datapoint i have 0.25,and i want to find what is the cdf value it will be 0.35 and for each point i will be adding 
       previous addup result.and the final result of cdf it take the shape of the curve and in the end it will be follow a straight line.(it look like a curve).
       What does 0.1 , 0.25 indicates?
       Now for 90 datapoint it has indicated 0.9 what does it indicate?
       It means that 90% of the data distribution is less than 90kg.Which also indicates 10% of the data is greater than 90 kg.
                                                 
